Terms of Service

Last Updated: 6/26/2024

1. Acceptance of Terms

By accessing or using Gamerbot by Goomba Labs ("the Service"), you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service ("Terms"). If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not use the Service.

2. Description of Service

Gamerbot is an interactive application within the Discord application/service. The Service is provided "as is" and "as available," and we do not guarantee that it will be uninterrupted or error-free.

3. Eligibility

You must be 13 years or older to use the Service. By using the Service, you represent and warrant that you meet this eligibility requirement.

4. User Conduct

You agree to use the Service only for lawful purposes and in a way that does not infringe the rights of others. Prohibited activities include, but are not limited to:

  * Using the Service for any illegal activities
  * Harassing, threatening, or harming others
  * Uploading or distributing any viruses or harmful code
  * Attempting to disrupt the operation of the Service

5. Intellectual Property

All content provided on the Service, including but not limited to text, graphics, logos, and software, is the property of Goomba Labs and is protected by intellectual property laws. You may not use, reproduce, or distribute any content from the Service without our prior written permission.

6. Privacy

Your privacy is important to us. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for information on how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information.

7. Limitation of Liability

To the fullest extent permitted by law, Goomba Labs and Gamerbot shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages resulting from the use or inability to use the Service, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.

8. Changes to the Terms

We reserve the right to modify these Terms at any time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms on the Service. Your continued use of the Service after any changes constitute your acceptance of the new Terms.

9. Termination

We may terminate or suspend your access to the Service at any time, without prior notice or liability, for any reason, including but not limited to a breach of these Terms.

10. Governing Law

These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States of America and the state of Vermont, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

11. Contact Information

If you have any questions about these Terms, please reach out to matt[at]xhec[dot]dev.